ImageInput accessibility improvements (#1644)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/violet-rats-reflect.md

---

> '@sumup/circuit-ui': minor

Reviewer: I'd treat this as a bug.

```suggestion
'@sumup/circuit-ui': patch
```

---

> Improved accessibility for the `ImageInput` component.
> 
> - Now the error message is associated with the input field by `aria-describedby`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved the accessibility of the `ImageInput` component by associating the validation hint with the input and announcing updates to screen reader users.
```
